what today's feast is that come out
policy were calling Kim and Justin and
Martin are back and we gonna give us
their first taste of indian food and let
us know how it is state all right so
we're gonna start off with some PAP dumb
some onion chutney and some mint chutney
let's see how you like that okay so tell
me what does it taste like mmm it's a
little cracker right dr. smoker Curtis
ah roll call so shitty job and when we
got a warrant on him what a Spartan
zucchini shum Jed I'm coming to school
okay so you're gonna try that very
interesting
what do you think I saw her in
describing smoking Irishman chairs and
some people thus will win the garage
which parts of the alleged removals
smoke Liam budget and believe
cool right Justin's gonna try the bell
pari go ahead genève are sitting down
ma'am mama Cheryl Cole gautsche game
I'll come on beautiful case keep posting
um Vicki shuttle cuter java LOL cosmo
Eustace controversial scope of a garage
key ansible car super nice trees from
your moody for me go feat oh my god this
is so delicious mushroom hasta manana SI
asha samosa this shot was Jimmy economy
on them girls can you put its own
okay so our meal is going to start with
some puri which is this deep fried bread
that's got a big air bubble in it and
then we're going to the Kashmir enon
which has coconut and raisins in it
we're going to have some Magnum vodka
which is the eggplant we're going to
have some lamb anomalous sauce we're
going to have some shrimp and we're
going to have some chicken tikka masala
this is actually the best one oh now
that's the best thing that's the first
time ok let's say let's say the taste of
that off the bread the bread is
delicious is that what do you think
I love the coconut the bat cave so
Chicago summon majestic immunity Peter
who like cool is what gives us a
tradition at 3am puris focus on huh um
useful vom solution please come that's
your spicy for you it's good booyakasha
Picasso mr. Sheldon bush kim yeah mr.
Scalli institution we are mr. Hamish so
we are all set my dad is good you know
what's nice no like a sauna
you taste everything what is your
favorite yeah my favorite was a deep
bread no no there was something with
that with the potatoes Oh both Bell
courageous and I like to pcloud with
pita bread with a shooters it's cool oh
and I thought that I like the other one
with the bell curry you know with the
little potatoes although the samosa
there's no show that was okay I'm gonna
ask you what actually everything is
delicious it was my sugars lie my way
cold and I'm really surprised because I
didn't always gonna be that delicious
yeah we get in the wet to order good and
your turn what am I the 3d she's got
more fish now she's good for everything
was good uh mr. méliès pajamas in a
problem for so developing the Kosovars
are stretchy into in this case